java c
BUSINESS   ANALYSIS   REPORT
Key   Insights and   Recommendations
BSc   Data Science and   Business Analytics
(Standard   Entry)
Business analytics, applied   modelling   and   prediction
(ST2187)
1.   Executive   Summary
The   business   report   outlines   the   insights   from   the   visualizations   created   using   Tableau   and   provides   recommendations and strategies to acton those findings.   There   are   primarily   7   insights:
i.                   Tables are the   least   profitable   product among   all   other   products   sold.
ii.                   Tables are significantly   more   profitable   in   some   countries   compared to   others.
iii.                   Majority   of   customers   who    purchased   Tables   are   associated   with    low   volume   of   sales   and   high   losses.
iv.                   Tables   have a substantially greater   percentage   of   discount   compared to   other   products.
v.                   Significantly       greater       percentage      of      discount      on      Tables      in      unprofitable      countries      over   profitable countries.
vi.                   Forecast of   sales   and   profits   of Tables   indicate that Tables   remain   unprofitable   in the   future.   vii.                   Tables experience volatile seasonality   effects   in   its   sales.The findings outlined above   help set the direction   of the   report. The   report focuses   on Tables   as   it   is   the   only   unprofitable   product   among   all   other   products   sold   by   the   firm.   The   difference   in   profitability   of   Tables   in   different   countries   raises   the   question   on   what   makes   Tables   profitable   in   some countries and   unprofitable   in others.An   analysis   on the   average   discount   on   all   products   sold   by the firm   reveals that Tables   have   a significantly greater percentage of discount compared to the discount on other products.   This finding   exposes   the   underlying   reason   for   the   unprofitability   of   Tables   which   is   due   to   excessive   discounts   that are   reducing   profits   margins.The firm could address   the excessive discount on   Tables by balancing the discount in profitable   and      unprofitable      countries.      It      could      raise      discounts      in      profitable      countries    to       increase      profits   generated   and   reduce   discounts   in   unprofitable   countries to   decrease   losses generated which would   improve the overall   profitability of Tables.The company   could take advantage of seasonality   in sales   of Tables   by   designing   Tables   to   be   locally   responsive to different cultures   in different timings.   New marketing   strategies   and   promotions   could   be   tested   during   off-peak   seasons   for Tables   and   implemented   in   peak   seasons   to   boost   sales   and   profitability   of   Tables.   Additional   strategies   such   as   personalized   discounts   for   customers   and   loyalty   programs could   be   implemented to   attract and   retain customers.
Implementation of above-mentioned strategies would improve the   profitability of Tables   and   help the firm gain a competitive edge   over   its   competitors   in   the   long   run.
2.   IntroductionThe   business   report   is   conducted   based   on   data   collected   by   the   company   from   December   2016 to   December   2020. The   data   includes   information   on the   sales   and   profits   of   multiple   products   sold    by    the    company    along    with    geographical    information    such    as      country      and      region,      shipping   information   such   as   shipping   date   and   shipping   cost,   customer   information   such   as   customer   names   and   customer   segmentation,   the   category   and   sub-category   of   products,   the   discount   on   products   sold,   and   etc.The    aim    of   this    report    is    to    identify    unprofitable    products    sold    by    the    company    and    the   underlying   causes   for   the   unprofitability   of   the   products,   so   as   to   formulate   strategies   and   provide   recommendations to   minimize   losses   and   maximize   profits generated   by the company.
3.   Insights   from   Story
3.1 Overview of   Profits and   Sales   by   Product
   
Figure 1: Ranking of   Products by   Overall   Profitability
Tables   are   ranked   17th    in overall   profits amongst   16 other   products   sold. They   are the   least   profitable   product among all   products sold from 2017   to   2020,   resulting   in   a   loss   of   $64,000.
   
Figure 2: Ranking of   Products by   Overall SalesTables    are       ranked    8th             in    overall      sales      amongst       16      other       products    sold.    They       have   comparable sales with   respect to sales volume of   other   products   sold   from   2017   to   2020,   resulting   in   sales of $757,000. Thus, the   losses experienced from the   sale of Tables   is   not   associated   with the   lack   of sales,   but   rather with other   underlying   issues which will   be exposed   in this   report.
3.2 Geographical Overview of   Profitability of Tables
   
Figure 3:   Top 10 Most and Least Profitable   Countries   for   TablesFrom figure   1,   we   have   identified Tables to   be the   least   profitable   product.   Figure   3   exposes   that Tables are   not   unprofitable throughout all the countries.   In   some   countries   like   India   and   United   Kingdom,   the sale of   Tables is much more profitable compared to its sale in countries like United States   and   Indonesia.Given the   discoveries   made,   it   is   crucial   to   understand   why   the   sale   of Tables   is   profitable   in   some countries while   unprofitable   in others. The   next few sections will shed   more   light   on the   overall   unprofitability   of   Tables   and   itsunprofitability   in   certain   countries.
3.3 Overview of Overall   Distribution   of   Customers
   
Figure 4: Distribution of Customers by Profits and Sales   of TablesFigure   4   displays the   distribution   of   customers   by the total   sales   of Tables   made to   each   individual   customer   from   2017   to   2020,   and   the   corresponding   profits   generated from   those   sale   of   Tables. Observe that   there is a greater proportion of unprofitable customers over profitable customers   in the sale of Tables which aligns with the   overall   unprofitability   of Tables.Furthermore,   observe that   significant   proportion   of   customers   associated with   low   sales   generate   higher   losses compared to customers associated with   high sales.   This   indicates   that   the   sale   of Tables   is extremely   unprofitable   under   certain conditions   as the   company experiences   large   losses   from   individual customers despite   having   low sales. Thus,   it   is   imperative that the   company   discovers   the conditions   it should avoid to ensure   that Tables   become   profitable.
   
Figure 5: Distribution of Customers in   Top 10   Most   and   Least   Profitable   Countries   for   TablesFrom    figure    5,    it      is      notable    that      significant      proportion      of      individual      customers      who   purchase   Tables   tend   to    be    associated    with    low    profits    in    profitable    countries    and    low      losses    in   unprofitable   countries.   This   reinforces   the   reason   for   Tables   to   be   unprofitable   in   some   countries   while   being profitable in others which is attributed to   its distribution   of customers   in   profits   and   sales.   Given   the   discoveries   made   earlier,   the   next   section   will   expose   the   underlying   reason   for Tables   to   be   the   only   unprofitable   product,   and   the   reason   for   some   countries   to   be   profitable   in   the   sale   of   Tables while others   r代 写ST2187 Business analytics, applied modelling and prediction
代做程序编程语言emain   unprofitable.
3.4 Overview of   Discount   on   Products
   
Figure   6: Average Discount of   ProductsFigure   6   shows   that   the   average   discount   on   Tables   from   2017   to   2020   is   29%   which   is   significantly      greater    than    the       15%       average      discount      on      all      products.    The       significantly      greater   percentage   of   discount   provided   on   Tables   greatly   reduces   the   profits   generated   from   the   sale   of   Tables. This   explains   why Tables   are the   only   unprofitable   product   in   figure   1   despite   its   comparable   sales with   respect to other   products with similar sales   volume   such   as   Machines   and   Accessories.
   
Figure   7: Average Discount in   Top 10   Most and Least   Profitable   Countries   for   TablesFurthermore,   the   average   discount   on   Tables   differs   significantly   from   the   top   10   most   and   least   profitable countries for Tables.   Figure 7 shows that the average   discount   on Tables   is   52%   in   the top   10   least   profitable countries for Tables while the average   discount   on   Tables   is   only   7%   in   the   top   10   most   profitable countries for Tables. This   explains why tables   are   profitable   in   some   countries   while   unprofitable   in   others   in   figure   3,   which   is   attributed   to   the   difference   in   average   discount   on   Tables from   2017 to   2020.
3.5 Overview of Seasonality and   Forecast   of Tables
   
Figure   8: Forecast   of   Profits   and   Sales   for   TablesBased on the four years of data from 2017 to 2020, the forecast of   the following two years   in   figure   8   indicate   similar   sales   volume   for   the   sale   of   Tables   in   2021   and   2022.   Furthermore,   the   forecast   of   profits   in   2021   and   2022   remains   to   be   negative   as   it   predominantly   was   from   2017   to   2020.
   
Figure   9: Seasonality   of   Profits   and   Sales   for   TablesObserve   that   there   is   a   seasonal   effect   on   the   sale   of Tables   during   the   months   of June,   November,   and   December which   experience   a   significantly   greater volume   of   sales   compared to   the   other   months.   Furthermore, July   in   particular tends to   experience   significantly   lower volume of   sales   compared to the other   months.It   is   notable   that   on   months   that   experience   significantly   greater   sales   of Tables   such   as   June,   November,and   December, the company generates significantly greater   losses compared to the   other   months. Observe that the greater the   volume of sales   of Tables,   the   greater   the   losses   suffered   by    the    company.    As    previously    discovered,    this    is    directly      attributed    to    the    significantly      greater   discount on Tables which   reduces   profits greatly as the volume   of   sales   increases.
4.   ConclusionThe   report   has   exposed   Tables   to   be   the   least   profitable   product   among   all   other   products   sold   despite   having   comparable   sales.   Furthermore, Tables   are   unprofitable   in   some   countries   while   profitable in others. The distribution of customers who purchased Tables by sales and profits indicates   significant   proportion   of   individual   customers   associated   with   low   volume   of   sales   but   high    losses   which supports the overall   unprofitability of Tables.The   unprofitability   of Tables   is   mainly   due to the   significantly greater   percentage of   discount   on Tables   compared to   the   discount   on   other   products.   This finding   is   supported   by   the   significantly   greater    percentage   of   discount   on   Tables    in    unprofitable   countries   compared   to   the   discount   on   Tables   in   profitable countries.
Given the   insights   derived,   strategies   and   recommendations   have   been   provided   in the   next   section to   minimize the   losses generated from Tables and transform. Tables   into   a   profitable   product.
5.   Recommendations
5.1   Reducing Average   Discount for Tables
   
Figures 6 and   7   for   referenceGiven    that    the    average    discount    on      Tables      is    significantly      greater      than      the      average   discount   on   other    products    as   shown    in   figure   6,   the    intuitive   approach   would    be   to    reduce   the   discount   on Tables.   However,   such   an   approach   might   reduce the   revenue generated   due to   a   fall   in   sale of Tables. Thus, given that the average discount for Tables in the top 10 most   profitable   countries   are   significantly   lower than the   average   discount   in the   top   10   least   profitable   countries   as   shown   in   figure 7, the company could   balance the discount   on Tables   in   different   countries.Discounts    on    Tables    could    be    adjusted    to      be    greater      in      profitable      countries      and      be   reduced in unprofitable countries. This would reduce the   losses generated   due to   reduced   discount   in   unprofitable   countries   while   increasing   revenue   generated   from   the   increase   in   sales   due   to   greater   discount on Tables   in   profitable countries.   Overall, this would   increase the   profitability of Tables.
5.2 Taking Advantage of Seasonality for TablesThe   company   can take   advantage   of   seasonality   by   designing Tables to   suit the   needs   of   customers   during   the   various   seasons.   For   example,   a   proportion   of   Tables   manufactured   could   be   designed   to   be   horror   themed   during   the   autumn   season   when   Halloween   is   celebrated.   Thus,   the   Tables   manufactured would   be   locally   responsive to the   different cultures   in countries.
   
Portion   of   Figure   9   for   referenceDuring    periods    of    low    sales    of    Tables   such    as    in   July,    the   company    can   test   out   the   effectiveness of various promotions through A/B testing.   It involves offering the promotion to   half the   customers over   multiple time   periods   and weighing the   differences   in   profits generated   between the   two   groups.    If   a   type   of   promotion   proves   to    be   profitable,   it   could   be   implemented   during   peak   seasons to further   boost the   sales of Tables.Discounts   could   be    increased   to   enhance   sales   further   during    peak   season   such   as   in   November and December, and reduced during off-peak season such as   in July to   balance and optimize   overall discount on Tables throughout the year.The company could take advantage of seasonality of other products   by bundling   products   together   to   be   sold   with   Tables.   For   example,   if   Chairs   experience   a   period   of   high   sales,   customers   could   be   incentivized   to   buy   a Table   along   with   Chairs   by   offering   discounts   when   both   products   are   purchased together.   Such an   approach   preserves the sales volume   of   chairs   while   increasing   the   sale   of Tables as   well.
5.3 Additional StrategiesDiscounts could   be   personalized to   customer   purchasing   patterns. Some customers   may   require a   10%   discount   incentive to   purchase   products while others   may   require a greater   amount   of   discount. Furthermore, the firm could take note of repeat customers   and offer them a loyalty program   that provides them with special discounts that other customers would not have access to. This creates   loyal customers for the firm who would make   repeated   purchases and increase   sales for the   firm   over   time.
It   is   crucial for the   firm to   develop   additional   strategies   on top   of   the   recommendations   provided above to   develop a competitive advantage   over   its   competitors.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
